feat: adding interpreter options ignoreAddtionalProperties and ignoreAddtionalItems (#1094)
asyncapi/modelina: examples/passing-interpreter-options/README.md

> # Overwrite interpreter options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Passing interpreter options
```

Author: Fixed

> This example shows how to overwrite the interpreter options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to pass interpreter options.
```

Author: Fixed
